build/gnome/about-ubuntu/C/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home
gnome/libs/aboutubuntu.css usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home
gnome/images/C/UbuntuLogo.png usr/share/gnome/help/images/C
gnome/images/C/IconUbuntu.png usr/share/gnome/help/images/C
common/C/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/common/C
libs/*ent usr/share/ubuntu-docs/libs
libs/*ent usr/share/gnome/libs
libs/xinclude.mod usr/share/ubuntu-docs/libs
gnome/menus/C/*.xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/gnome/menus/C/
gnome/libs/*ent usr/share/gnome/help/libs
gnome/libs/*ent usr/share/ubuntu-docs/gnome/libs
gnome/aboutubuntu/af/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/af
gnome/aboutubuntu/af/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/C/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/C
gnome/aboutubuntu/C/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/ca/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/ca
gnome/aboutubuntu/ca/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/cs/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/cs
gnome/aboutubuntu/cs/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/da/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/da
gnome/aboutubuntu/da/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/de/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/de
gnome/aboutubuntu/de/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/el/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/el
gnome/aboutubuntu/el/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/es/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/es
gnome/aboutubuntu/es/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/et/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/et
gnome/aboutubuntu/et/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/fa/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/fa
gnome/aboutubuntu/fa/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/fi/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/fi
gnome/aboutubuntu/fi/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/fr/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/fr
gnome/aboutubuntu/fr/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/he/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/he
gnome/aboutubuntu/he/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/hu/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/hu
gnome/aboutubuntu/hu/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/id/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/id
gnome/aboutubuntu/id/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/it/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/it
gnome/aboutubuntu/it/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/lv/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/lv
gnome/aboutubuntu/lv/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/mk/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/mk
gnome/aboutubuntu/mk/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/ml/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/ml
gnome/aboutubuntu/ml/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/nl/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/nl
gnome/aboutubuntu/nl/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/pl/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/pl
gnome/aboutubuntu/pl/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/pt/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/pt
gnome/aboutubuntu/pt/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/pt_BR/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/pt_BR
gnome/aboutubuntu/pt_BR/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/ro/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/ro
gnome/aboutubuntu/ro/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/sk/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/sk
gnome/aboutubuntu/sk/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/sr/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/sr
gnome/aboutubuntu/sr/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/sv/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/sv
gnome/aboutubuntu/sv/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/tl/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/tl
gnome/aboutubuntu/tl/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/aboutubuntu/xh/*xml usr/share/gnome/help/about-ubuntu/xh
gnome/aboutubuntu/xh/*omf usr/share/omf/about-ubuntu
gnome/quicktour/* usr/share/doc/ubuntu-docs/HTML/en/quicktour/C
generic/faqguide/C/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/C/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/C
generic/faqguide/cs/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/cs/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/da
generic/faqguide/da/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/da/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/cs
generic/faqguide/en_AU/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/en_AU/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/en_AU
generic/faqguide/es/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/es/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/es
generic/faqguide/fa/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/fa/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/fa
generic/faqguide/fi/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/fi/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/fi
generic/faqguide/fr/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/fr/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/fr
generic/faqguide/he/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/he/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/he
generic/faqguide/id/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/id/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/id
generic/faqguide/it/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/it/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/it
generic/faqguide/mk/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/mk/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/mk
generic/faqguide/nl/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/nl/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/nl
generic/faqguide/pl/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/pl/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/pl
generic/faqguide/pt/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/pt/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/pt
generic/faqguide/pt_BR/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/pt_BR/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/pt_BR
generic/faqguide/ro/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/ro/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/ro
generic/faqguide/sr/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/sr/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/sr
generic/faqguide/sv/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/sv/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/sv
generic/faqguide/tl/*omf /usr/share/omf/faqguide
generic/faqguide/tl/*xml usr/share/ubuntu-docs/generic/faqguide/tl
