usr/share/gnome/help/images/C/ubuntuheader.png usr/share/images/C/ubuntuheader.png
usr/share/ubuntu-docs/html/ usr/share/doc/ubuntu-docs/html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/ usr/share/doc/ubuntu-artwork/html
usr/share/ubuntu-docs/common usr/share/gnome/common
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-nl.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-nl_NL.html 
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-es.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-es_AR.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-es.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-es_ES.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-de.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-de_DE.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-bn.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-bn_IN.html 
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-bg_BG.html 
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-ca.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-da_DK.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-el.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-en_GB.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-eu.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-ga_IE.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-gu_IN.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-ja_JP.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-ko.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-mk_MK.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-mn.html
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-nb_NO.html 
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-pa_IN.html 
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-ro_RO.html  
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-sl_SI.html  
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-tr_TR.html 
usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index.html usr/share/ubuntu-artwork/home/index-zh_TW.html
